feat: a gitfilesystem (#94)
aconrad/pycobertura: CHANGES.md

## Unreleased

> * Add a GitFilesystem, allowing the consumer to retrieve the sources from a git commit.

Reviewer: Let's get you some credit for the work you have done here! 🎉

```suggestion
* Add a `GitFilesystem` to allow pycobertura to access source files at different revisions from a git repository. Thanks @nilleb.
```
